Apex
====
ApexLambda is a sample example on how to use Apex for AWS Lambda with python runtime. 
I was not able to find the correct options and usage when I tried Apex (for python) based on its documentation.
So, this sample lambda function configuration worked for me. 
This function returns a message with a Hello and current system time (AWS Lambda server).

Apex github page: https://github.com/apex/apex

For understanding the directory and file structure please visit the link above and read the project Readme.md file.
Visit http://apex.run/ for complete options and usage of Apex.

Changes to make this work
=======================
* In project.json, for role, I have replaced the unique id generated by AWS for a user with 12312312312. You need to create your own role with permission to write to AWS CloudWatch Logs. Copy that 'arn' and use it here.

Including python packages
=========================
In this demo I have used 'arrow' package on purpose to demonstrate it. If you don't use any external package in your Lambda function, then you don't need to worry about this part.
* If you use any non native python packages in your "functions/<func_name>/index.py", you need to copy that package into "functions/<func_name>/". Use virtualenv and pip to get that package into a dummy directory and copy it.

You can change the name of the 'index.py' to 'main.py' but you also need to change the value for 'handler' in function.json to 'main.handle' from 'index.handle', where handle is the handling function in that file.

Using Apex
==========
* To deploy all functions
$ apex deploy

* To invoke a function (invokes on AWS Lambda and returns its result, invocation does *NOT* happen on local system)
$ apex invoke hello

* To see whats built into the .zip file created while deploying into AWS
$ apex build hello > test_build.zip



